revert PR 189 (don't touch the EFSL content) (#237)
eclipse-ee4j/jakartaee-platform: specification/src/main/asciidoc/license-efsl.adoc

The notice is:

> "Copyright (c) 2018, 2020 Eclipse Foundation. This software or

Reviewer: The copyright years should be replaced with [$date-of-document] placeholder to match the original text.
```suggestion
"Copyright (c) [$date-of-document] Eclipse Foundation. This software or
```

Author: Nice catch, @hussainnm!  Thanks.
